take
You have to live to go too
All actors should be pasted with white paper
If the white paper actor wants to live, give it to me
Thousand miles
You go and prepare an old rooster that is born forever
The sooner the better
Hey, the first day of junior high school
Erkou hehehe
Hey, are you having a wedding event?
Oh, let me tell you.
This dad is also mom
Your wife?
I have been lively
Ha ha.
Mr. Liu, you are bullshitting from there, hurry up and leave
Don't you believe it?
I'll bet you that.
Your wife?
I've already let someone else sleep
Hahaha, someone arches your hand and sleeps
Let his mother scold the harder the better
It doesn't hurt you.
Tiger Lord
Your bride was slept with
Your wife?
I can't live through the door, hahaha.
You have a wedding event today and your whole family will die tomorrow, hahaha.
Jiu Ye Jiu Ye
Come in come in
Ah, go, go, go, go.
You are holding this chicken
Turn three times in your fish son
Chickens and dogs can't talk
Can't look back
Can't run, you know?
Otherwise you are helpless